README.md, before:

# Advisor

This little app sprung to life as an attempt to improve upon the current peer-feedback process.
The main point is to provide valuable insight by giving advice and avoiding generic feedback.

Advisor allows you to create a form from a catalogue of questions and lets you direct that form to specific people.
This makes the insights more targeted to your current situation.

It also pushes the responsibility to collect and track the results away from a central authority and out the mentee/group lead pairs.

Hopefully, this app will delight you by guiding you through a swift creation process.

# Domain Model

The picture below tries to sketch out the domain objects and their relationships. The picture is meant to give a rough idea of what
_things_ are relevant in Advisorex. Its neither complete nor detailed.

![Domain Model](doc/domain-model.jpg)

# From your local machine

To start your Phoenix server:

  * Install dependencies with `mix deps.get`
  * Create and migrate your database with `mix ecto.create && mix ecto.migrate`
  * Install Node.js dependencies with `cd assets && npm install`
  * Start Phoenix endpoint with `mix phx.server`

Now you can visit [`localhost:4000`](http://localhost:4000) from your browser.

# In a virtual machine

Prerequisites:

- [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/docs/installation/)

- [Virtual Box](https://www.virtualbox.org/)


Then install the Ansible libraries for Postgresql and NodeJS

`ansible-galaxy install geerlingguy.nodejs`

`ansible-galaxy install ANXS.postgresql`

To enter the virtual machine, run

`bin/start`

This command will also provision the machine if you're using it for the first time which will take a few minutes. But once you have it running, it will ssh you into the correct directory

To start the server for the advisorex project, run:

`mix phx.server`

Commit message:

Add shell scripts to ssh into vagrant and for git setup

README.md, after:

# Advisor

This little app sprung to life as an attempt to improve upon the current peer-feedback process.
The main point is to provide valuable insight by giving advice and avoiding generic feedback.

Advisor allows you to create a form from a catalogue of questions and lets you direct that form to specific people.
This makes the insights more targeted to your current situation.

It also pushes the responsibility to collect and track the results away from a central authority and out the mentee/group lead pairs.

Hopefully, this app will delight you by guiding you through a swift creation process.

# Domain Model

The picture below tries to sketch out the domain objects and their relationships. The picture is meant to give a rough idea of what
_things_ are relevant in Advisorex. Its neither complete nor detailed.

![Domain Model](doc/domain-model.jpg)

# From your local machine

To start your Phoenix server:

  * Install dependencies with `mix deps.get`
  * Create and migrate your database with `mix ecto.create && mix ecto.migrate`
  * Install Node.js dependencies with `cd assets && npm install`
  * Start Phoenix endpoint with `mix phx.server`

Now you can visit [`localhost:4000`](http://localhost:4000) from your browser.

# In a virtual machine

Prerequisites:

- [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/docs/installation/)

- [Virtual Box](https://www.virtualbox.org/)


Then install the Ansible libraries for Postgresql and NodeJS

`ansible-galaxy install geerlingguy.nodejs`

`ansible-galaxy install ANXS.postgresql`

Now you need to setup your virtual machine. 

`vagrant up`

If vagrant is already running but you want to copy over the configuration or local files:

`vagrant provision`

To setup your git username and email in the vagrant machine, run:

`bin/git-setup`

To enter the virtual machine, run

`bin/start`

To start the server for the advisorex project, run:

`mix phx.server`
